README.md, before:

## Hi there 👋 I go by SpaceX Ye. 

Typical social media usernames include `peiqing` and `singleton`.

peiqing pronounced like "pay cheese".

I have a personal website, where my resume is also hosted.

I'm currently working on:

[iceberg-rust](https://github.com/apache/iceberg-rust): Rust implementation of [Apache Iceberg](https://iceberg.apache.org/).

[groth16](https://github.com/arkworks-rs/groth16): Rust implementation of [arkworks-rs](https://arkworks.rs/).

[algebra](https://github.com/arkworks-rs/algebra): Rust implementation of [arkworks-rs](https://arkworks.rs/).

Ask me about Low-Level Performance Optimization, ZKP, Data Freedom, 

game Bloodborne and Overwatch !

Last but not least: I'm not a native English speaker and am currently practicing my English. If you're interested in having an English conversation with me, I would really appreciate it. Please contact me.
<!--
**peiqing1998/peiqing1998** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Update README with personal coding and trading info
Added a line about coding in Rust and trading stocks.

README.md, after:

## Hi there 👋 I go by SpaceX Ye. 

Typical social media usernames include `peiqing` and `singleton`.

peiqing pronounced like "pay cheese".

By day, I code in Rust; by night, I trade US stocks.

I have a personal website, where my resume is also hosted.

I'm currently working on:

[iceberg-rust](https://github.com/apache/iceberg-rust): Rust implementation of [Apache Iceberg](https://iceberg.apache.org/).

[groth16](https://github.com/arkworks-rs/groth16): Rust implementation of [arkworks-rs](https://arkworks.rs/).

[algebra](https://github.com/arkworks-rs/algebra): Rust implementation of [arkworks-rs](https://arkworks.rs/).

Ask me about Low-Level Performance Optimization, ZKP, Data Freedom, 

game Bloodborne and Overwatch !

Last but not least: I'm not a native English speaker and am currently practicing my English. If you're interested in having an English conversation with me, I would really appreciate it. Please contact me.
<!--
**peiqing1998/peiqing1998** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
